Gael OCL style conventions edits read sequencer feed (#1089)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/node-running/how-tos/read-sequencer-feed.md

  - Align on what we want to treat as proper nouns vs common nouns
---

[Running an Arbitrum relay locally as a feed relay](/node-running/how-tos/running-a-feed-relay.mdx) lets you subscribe to an uncompressed <a data-quicklook-from="sequencer-feed">sequencer feed</a> for real-time data as the sequencer accepts and orders transactions off-chain.

When connected to websocket port `9642` of the local relay, you'll receive a data feed that looks something like this:

> ```go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```

Author: Thanks!

}
```

You can use the [`ParseL2Transactions`](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/blob/9b1e622102fa2bebfd7dffd327be19f8881f1467/arbos/incomingmessage.go#L227) function to decode the message.

Using the feed relay, you can also retrieve the `L2 block number` of a message:
   
- On <a data-quicklook-from="arbitrum-one">Arbitrum One</a>, this can be done by adding the Arbitrum One genesis block number (22207817) to the sequence number of the feed message. 

> - It's important to note that in the case of <a data-quicklook-from="arbitrum-nova">Arbitrum Nova</a>, the Nitro genesis number is 0, and therefore, it is not necessary to include it when adding to the feed message's sequence number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Note that in the case of <a data-quicklook-from="arbitrum-nova">Arbitrum Nova</a>, the Nitro genesis number is `0`, so it doesn't need to be included when adding to the feed message's sequence number.
```
